Update CONTRIBUTING.md to improve redability (#15)
vaimee/zion: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - Give sample code if you can. [My stackoverflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) includes sample code that *anyone* with a base R setup can run to reproduce what I was seeing
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening or stuff you tried that didn't work)

## Code guidelines and patterns

> Through Zion's development, we took some design decision that encourage future developers to follow to maintain a consistent code style. If you want to change this list or provide feedback, feel free to open an issue and talk about it! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout Zion's development, we made some design decisions that we are documenting here. We encourage future developers to follow these rules to maintain a consistent code style. If you want to change this list or provide feedback, feel free to open an issue and talk about it! 
```
